Create the Discord.js topic (#1872)
github/explore: topics/discordjs/index.md

> ---	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

aliases: discord.js	
display_name: Discord.js	
logo: discordjs.png	
related: discord	
short_description: discord.js module to interact with the Discord API	
topic: discordjs	

> ---	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

> discord.js is a powerful node.js module that allows you to interact with the Discord API very easily. It takes a much more object-oriented approach than most other JS Discord libraries, making your bot's code significantly tidier and easier to comprehend.

Reviewer 2: Overall this topic looks great, thanks for your contribution!!

Would it be possible to reword the description here to be a smidge softer on the other libraries? 😅   This library sounds excellent, but the way this is worded is just a bit more opinionated than we'd prefer to be, I think.

Perhaps
```suggestion
discord.js is a powerful node.js module that allows you to interact with the Discord API very easily. It takes an object-oriented approach, supporting your bot's code to be tidy and easy to comprehend.
```
